x You hear distant voices approaching.
??? Thank the sun we made it out alive.
??? Aye, but at what cost?
??? We lost half our camels and all the guards
??? And the next oasis is a half day's journey still.
x The air is hot, and the sun is beating down on you.
??? Yes, but perhaps our good fortune will hold out a little bit longer.
??? Fortune? You call this good fortune?
x You are thirstier than you ever remember being.
??? To be alive is a blessing, Saul.
??? And it is not for us to choose the hour of our passing.
x The voices are close by. You hear animals grunting.
??? Hold up! I think that's a person!
Saul A bandit, most likely. We should not take the risk, Soliel.
Soliel Can we afford not to? We have a long ways to go. Perhaps he can help.
Soliel Ahoy there!
x You are greeted by Soliel and his caravan.
x A train of heavily-laden camels follows behind two haggard-looking travelers.
Soliel What is your name?
z I.. I don't remember...
Saul No name, eh?
Saul (whispered, to Soliel) Seems suspicious.
Soliel (whispered, in reply) Do we have a choice?
Soliel Stranger, I think we can come to a beneficial arrangement.
Soliel You are in the middle of the desert, waterless, foodless, nameless.
Soliel If you agree to help us reach the next town, we will provide you with all three.
Soliel We have a chest bearing the finest names in the seven Houses.
Soliel Heroes, kings, high priests, dragonslayers...
Saul Not that we can give you those ones.
Saul We need those to trade.
Saul But we have a perfectly servicable name we could give you.
Soliel He speaks true, stranger.
Soliel It's a good name, if a little out of style.
Saul I prefer the term "broken-in".
Saul Will you help us?
x You agree to accompany the merchants.
x They provide you with water, a robe, and a rusty dagger.
Soliel That's no ordinary dagger!
Soliel It was a favorite weapon of Blind Boras, the thief of song and legend.
Soliel He used this dagger to assassinate the tyrant king of Atrosia.
x The dagger looks like it wouldn't cut through bread.
Soliel The people cheered and tried to crown him king, but he managed to escape the palace-city by moonlight.
Saul He wasn't really blind, you know.
Soliel (whispered, to Saul) Shush. Don't let facts get in the way of a good story.
x After resting for a few more minutes, the caravan departs.
x The sun is setting in front of you.
x Looking back, you notice another sun rising behind.
Saul Look ahead! The Faded are coming!
Soliel Stranger, time to prove your worth.
x Strange figures are approaching the caravan.